doc/workflow.md, before:

# Debian package with gbp

# Initial

## Salsa

Under the section `Settings/General`
- Project description (optional): Debian packaging for fonts-sil-YOURFONT
Under the section `Settings/CI CD` then `General pipelines`
- Custom CI configuration path: `debian/salsa-ci.yml`

## Local

- `git add debian/gbp.conf`
- `git commit -m "create gbp.conf"`
- or
- `git commit -m "update gbp.conf"`
- `git branch upstream`
- `gbp import-orig ../../upstream/Font-version.tar.xz`
- if needed, restore saved debian/ directory
- `git add debian`
- `git commit -m "Re-add the pre-existing debian directory"`
- then
- `git add debian`
- `git commit -m "Add packaging files"`

# Ongoing

## Release

- `gpg --armor --detach-sign Font-version.tar.xz`
- `gbp import-orig --uscan`
- `gbp import-orig ../../upstream/Font-version.tar.xz`

## Packaging

- `cd debian`
- `dch -i`
- `code *`
- `grep -A 1 openTypeNameDescription source/*.ufo/*.plist`
- `wrap-and-sort -asb` # maybe
- `cd ..`
- `git commit -a`
- `gbp buildpackage`
- `git commit -a -m "Update packaging for new upstream release"`
- `git commit -a -m "Update and improve packaging"`
- `git tag -a debian/version` # i.e., debian/1.000-1
- `git push --all`
- `git push --tags`

## Reverse dependencies
- `build-rdeps`
- `apt rdepends`

Commit message:

Add notes about steps that might not be needed anymore

doc/workflow.md, after:

# Debian package with gbp

# Initial

## Salsa

Under the section `Settings/General`
- Project description (optional): Debian packaging for fonts-sil-YOURFONT
Under the section `Settings/CI CD` then `General pipelines`
- Custom CI configuration path: `debian/salsa-ci.yml`

## Local

The file `gbp.conf` might not be need anymore,
since the compression it specified is now the default.
- `git add debian/gbp.conf`
- `git commit -m "create gbp.conf"`
- or
- `git commit -m "update gbp.conf"`

This is still needed (although maybe not the part about saving the `debian` directory).
- `git branch upstream`
- `gbp import-orig ../../upstream/Font-version.tar.xz`
- if needed, restore saved debian/ directory
- `git add debian`
- `git commit -m "Re-add the pre-existing debian directory"`
- then
- `git add debian`
- `git commit -m "Add packaging files"`

# Ongoing

## Release

- `gpg --armor --detach-sign Font-version.tar.xz`
- `gbp import-orig --uscan`
- `gbp import-orig ../../upstream/Font-version.tar.xz`

## Packaging

- `cd debian`
- `dch -i`
- `code *`
- `grep -A 1 openTypeNameDescription source/*.ufo/*.plist`
- `wrap-and-sort -asb` # maybe
- `cd ..`
- `git commit -a`
- `gbp buildpackage`
- `git commit -a -m "Update packaging for new upstream release"`
- `git commit -a -m "Update and improve packaging"`
- `git tag -a debian/version` # i.e., debian/1.000-1
- `git push --all`
- `git push --tags`

## Reverse dependencies
- `build-rdeps`
- `apt rdepends`
